FreeBSD support (#1836)
beeware/toga: README.rst

* If you're on macOS, you need to be on 10.10 (Yosemite) or newer.

> * If you're on Unix-like, you need to have GTK+ 3.10 or newer. This is the
>   version that ships starting with Ubuntu 14.04 and Fedora 20. You also need to
>   install the system packages listed in `Tutorial 0 <docs/tutorial/tutorial-0.rst>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're on Linux (or another Unix-based operating system), you need to have
  GTK+ 3.10 or newer. This is the version that ships starting with Ubuntu 14.04
  and Fedora 20. You also need to install the system packages listed in
  `Tutorial 0 <docs/tutorial/tutorial-0.rst>`__.```
